[Leetcode Problem](https://leetcode.com/problems/two-sum/description/)
## Brute Force Approach
We are searching for the two numbers that add up to the target value, the most obvious way to do this is by comparing each element with every other element.
``` Python
for i in range(len(nums) - 1):
	for j in range(i + 1, len(nums)):
		if nums[i] + nums[j] == target:
			return [i, j]
```
This approach actually does not time out despite having a O(n^2) runtime. The space complexity of this approach is O(1).
## Dictionary/HashTable Approach
We can use a dictionary/HashTable to keep track of what numbers we have already encountered and its index as a key value pair. For each element, we check if the difference of the target and the current element is in the keys of the dictionary. If it is, we return the index of the current element and the index of the difference value in the dictionary/HashTable.
``` Python
def twoSum(self, nums: List[int], target: int) -> List[int]:
	seen = dict()
	for i in range(len(nums)):
		diff = target - nums[i]
		if diff in seen.keys():
			return [i, seen[diff]]
		else:
			seen[nums[i]] = i
```
This solution has a much better runtime of O(n) when compared to the brute force approach, however, its space complexity is now O(n) as we could end up storing all of the elements of the nums array in the dictionary/HashTable in the worst case.
## Sort Approach
If we sort the nums array, we can use two pointers starting at each end of the array and check if they sum to the target value. If not then we must move one of the pointers, but how do we know which one to move? Since the array is sorted, we move the right pointer once to the left if the sum is greater than the target, otherwise we move the left pointer to the right.
