## Brute Force Approach
This approach is trivial, just check if for each number in the set (we converted the given list to a set), there exists a number that is one more than it, if so, keep going until there isn't, then in the case that the current sequence is the longest so far, update the longest consecutive sequence to be of this length. As you can see below, however, this solution is O(n^2), but the problem expects a O(n) solution, therefore, this solution is no good, but it can be a good starting point.
``` python
class Solution:
    def longestConsecutive(self, nums: List[int]) -> int:
        longest = 0
        nums_set = set(nums)
		
        for num in nums:
            consecutive, curr = 0, num
            while curr in nums_set:
                consecutive += 1
                curr += 1
            longest = max(longest, consecutive)

        return longest
```
The time complexity is O(n^2) since for each element, in the worst case, we must check every other element in the set. The space complexity is O(n) since we are using the set as additional memory.
## Set Approach
The start of a sequence cannot be preceded by a value that consecutively comes before it, so for each number we check if (num - 1) is in the set (we convert the given list to a set). If it is not, then we know that this is not the start of a sequence so we skip it, if it is, then we check how long the sequence is.
``` python
class Solution:
    def longestConsecutive(self, nums: List[int]) -> int:
        longest = 0
        nums_set = set(nums)
		
        for num in nums_set:
            if num - 1 not in nums_set:
                length = 1
                while num + length in nums_set:
                    length += 1
                longest = max(longest, length)
		
        return longest
```
The time complexity is O(n) since any numbers that are part of a sequence that are not the first element of the sequence are skipped in the for, and will be counted later when the first element of that sequence is being considered, conversely, any numbers counted in the while are ignored in the for since they are not the beginning of the sequence. The space complexity is O(n) since we are using the set as additional memory.

Key Takeaways:
- Sometimes you can save operations in the future with a conditional check in the present, and vice versa. This problem is a GREAT example of that if you sit down and really think through the for and while loop's interaction in this problem.