[Leetcode Problem](https://leetcode.com/problems/contains-duplicate/description/)

## Brute Force Approach
The first thing that comes to mind is the trivial brute force approach where for each element in the array, we check the remaining elements to see if there are any duplicates, if there is a duplicate we return true, if we have gone through all of the elements and no duplicates have been found, we return false.
``` Python
def containsDuplicate(self, nums: List[int]) -> bool:
	for i in range(len(nums)):
		for j in range(i+1, len(nums)):
			if nums[i] == nums[j]:
				return True
	return False
```
 This solution would work to solve the problem if there was not a constraint on runtime is it runs in O(n^2), however, on the Leetcode platform, we see a "Time Limit Exceeded" message. This means that we need to do better! Also, note that while this solution is slower, it uses constant space, or in other words, it is O(1) space.
## Optimized Approach 1
We could also sort the array, this would mean that any duplicate elements would be adjacent, so all we have to do is check the array for duplicate adjacent elements which we can do in O(n) time, HOWEVER, sorting the array takes O(n * log(n)) time (if we use an n * log(n) sorting algorithm), so our actual runtime is O(n * log(n) + n) which is equivalent to O(n * log(n)).
``` Python
def containsDuplicate(self, nums: List[int]) -> bool:
	nums.sort()
	for i in range(len(nums) - 1):
		if nums[i] == nums[i + 1]:
			return True
	return False
```
This solution now works to solve the problem as it runs in O(n * log(n)) time and our space complexity has remained the same as we don't need additional space assuming that the sorting of the array is in-place.
## Optimized Approach 2
We can also use a data structure to keep track of what we have seen and when we come across an element that we have seen before, we return true, otherwise, we return false.
``` Python
def containsDuplicate(self, nums: List[int]) -> bool:
	seen = set()
	for n in nums:
		if n in seen:
			return True
		else:
			seen.add(n)
	return False
```
This solution now works to solve the problem as it runs in O(n) rather than O(n^2)! Note that this solution is faster than the last, however, now in the worst case we have to store every single value in the set, so our space complexity is now O(n).

Key Takeaways:
- Runtime complexity and Space complexity are often tradeoffs of one another. Faster solutions tend to need auxiliary space, and slower solutions can require less or no auxiliary space at all. As my intro to statistics professor, David Quarfoot, always said, "In life, there are no solutions, only tradeoffs."
- On Leetcode this problem is classified as being of easy difficulty, however, it can be seen that even an easy problem can have enough depth to it to allow for a discussion of the tradeoffs of different approaches. 