[Leetcode Problem](https://leetcode.com/problems/valid-anagram/)
## Array Approach
The first approach that jumps out to me would be to use two arrays of size 26 (since we are dealing with only lowercase English letters) to store the counts of each letter in s and t, this would allow us to compare the counts and if they are equal, then s and t are anagrams of each other, whereas if the counts are not equal, then they are not.
``` Python
def isAnagram(self, s: str, t: str) -> bool:
	sCount = [0] * 26
	tCount = [0] * 26

	# Get char counts
	for sChar in s:
		sCount[ord(sChar) - 97] += 1
	for tChar in t:
		tCount[ord(tChar) - 97] += 1

	# Check if counts match
	for i in range(26):
		if sCount[i] != tCount[i]:
			return False
	return True
```
This solution has a O(n) time complexity (constants are dropped!) and a O(1) space complexity since the array is of the fixed size 26.
## Dictionary/HashTable Approach
Using a constant size array is a valid option as it has O(1) lookup time and O(1) space complexity, however, what if the requirement of the problem were to change and the inputs could now be any Unicode characters?

Using an array with the size of all Unicode characters is still a valid options as it would still have O(1) lookups and O(1) space complexity, however, assuming that we are dealing with dictionary words, rather than random, and potentially long, strings of Unicode characters, using such an array would lead to quite a sparce array as dictionary words are virtually all below 20 characters long. This is where using a Dictionary/HashTable may be a better approach.
``` Python
def isAnagram(self, s: str, t: str) -> bool:
	sCount = dict()
	tCount = dict()

	# Get character counts
	for sChar in s:
		if sChar not in sCount:
			sCount[sChar] = 1
		else:
			sCount[sChar] += 1

	for tChar in t:
		if tChar not in tCount:
			tCount[tChar] = 1
		else:
			tCount[tChar] += 1

	# Check if anagrams
	if len(sCount) != len(tCount):
		return False
	for char in sCount:
		if sCount.get(char) != tCount.get(char):
			return False
	return True
```
This solution has O(n) time complexity, however, the space complexity is not as clear cut. In the case where we assume or are given that all of the characters are lowercase English characters or all of the Unicode characters, we can say that the space complexity is O(1), as there are a constant number of characters. Now, in the case that the number of characters is not defined as a constant amount, then we have that the space complexity is O(k) where k is the number of potential characters in the strings s and t.

By the way, we must check if the two dictionaries are the same size as not doing so could lead to false positives, e.g. `s = anagram` and `t = anagramzzzz` would return True even though the words are not anagrams since the program would find that all of the characters in s are in t, however, th.

Note also that we could have used the Dictionary/HashTable approach instead of the Array approach for the lowercase English letters (26 total) and avoided using the `ord()` function with an offset when indexing into the array while also dealing with the potential sparseness of the array as the English language has letters that are very common and letters that are very rare.

## Key Takeaways
- Make sure to really define the problem you are solving well before tackling a potential solution. For example, in this case we have to be able to make tradeoffs based on how large the number of potential unique characters is and this can affect our solution's efficiency in practice while the asymptotic efficiency remains unchanged.
- Be careful with sneaky edge cases! We have to 