## Set Approach
We create an initially empty set, then we iterate thought the list (while current node is not null) and for each iteration, we check if the current node is in our set, if it is, return true (cycle was found), otherwise, add the current node to the set and move to the next node. If our program ever exits the for loop, this means that no nodes were found to be in the set and our list ended with a node pointing to null, so we return false as no cycle was found.
``` python
def hasCycle(self, head: Optional[ListNode]) -> bool:
	nodes = set()
	curr = head
	while curr != None:
		if curr in nodes:
			return True
		nodes.add(curr)
		curr = curr.next
	return False
```
This solution runs in O(n) time since in the worst case we must iterate through every node in the list. The space complexity is O(n) since in the worst case we end up adding every single node to the set.
## Floyd's Tortoise and Hare
We use a fast and a slow pointer starting at the beginning of the list, while fast and fast's next are not null (fast moves two at a time so we must check itself and next) we are going to first shift the slow pointer by one, then shift the fast pointer by 2, and finally check if they have met, if they have indeed met, we return true as that means a cycle exists, if we exit the while loop, we return false since that means fast reached the end of the linked list so there is no cycle.
``` python
def hasCycle(self, head: Optional[ListNode]) -> bool:
	slow = fast = head
	while fast != None and fast.next != None:
		slow = slow.next
		fast = fast.next.next
		if slow == fast:
			return True
	return False
```
This solution runs in O(n) time (see reasoning below), however, the space complexity is now O(1) since we are only using two pointers of additional space.

Floyd's Tortoise and Hare Time Complexity Reasoning:
You might be wondering, how can we be sure that the fast and slow pointer will meet for sure, and how do we know that it runs in O(n) time? This is because the slow and fast pointers are guaranteed to be at most a distance of n-1 from each other (this is the case when slow is right behind fast). We increment fast by two and slow by one, so you can think of their distance always decreasing by once since we are doing distance - 2 + 1 = distance - 1 which means that in the worst case their distance in n (size of list) and it takes up to n iterations for fast to catch up to slow depending on where the cycle leads back to. Now, what if there isn't a cycle? Well, since fast moves twice as fast as slow, it is going to hit the end of the list before slow which is why in our while condition, we check to see if fast and fast's next as not null.

Key Takeaways:
- There are some problems that require a little trick to get to the optimal solution, either you know this little trick, or you must figure it out from scratch (this is unlikely).