## Brute Force Approach
We can use a brute force approach to check if for each price, there exists a higher price that we can sell the stock for in the future, however, we must also keep track of the biggest difference of prices that we have found so that we can return the maximum profit.
``` python
def maxProfit(self, prices: List[int]) -> int:
	maxDiff = 0
	for i in range(len(prices) - 1):
		for j in range(i + 1, len(prices)):
			diff = prices[j] - prices[i]
			if diff > maxDiff:
				maxDiff = diff
	return maxDiff
```
This approach does not solve the problem as we get a "Time Limit Exceeded" error. This approach runs in O(n^2) time and has a O(1) space complexity.
## Sliding Window Approach
We can have a sliding window where we check to see if the profit from buying on the left and selling on the right is greater than our max profit, and if we ever encounter a value on the right that is smaller that our value on the left, then we update the left pointer to be at the right pointer. Also keep in mind that we update the right pointer at every iteration, and our stopping condition is when the right pointer is greater than or equal to the length of the prices array as this means our right pointer is out of bounds, yet we have checked the last index. We are given that the prices array is of size at least 1 so we can initialize left to be 0 and right to be 1 as our while condition keeps any out of bounds indexing from happening.
``` python
def maxProfit(self, prices: List[int]) -> int:
	l, r = 0, 1
	maxDiff = 0
	while r < len(prices):
		diff = prices[r] - prices[l]
		if diff > maxDiff:
			maxDiff = diff
		if prices[r] < prices[l]:
			l = r
		r += 1
	return maxDiff
```
This solution run in O(n) time and has a O(1) space complexity as we only allocate 3 variables for keeping track of the sliding window and the maximum profit.

Key Takeaways:
- When encountering new problems, thinking about the brute force solution before trying to find a more optimized solution can be a great step in the process to avoid getting stuck.
- Also, keep in mind any possible sneaky edge cases such as off-by-one errors, loop termination errors, array indexing errors, and of course, logical errors in your solution. A great way to try to mitigate this is to try your solution on different inputs before ever coding it up, as this may reveal any issues with specific inputs (try normal cases and edge cases). Also, if your solution has an issue, DO NOT try to guess what is wrong with it, sit down and try to reason what may be going on so you can fix it!