## Linear Scan Approach
The most straightforward way to approach this problem is to just run through the entire array, until we find the target, otherwise we return -1.
``` python
def search(self, nums: List[int], target: int) -> int:
	for i in range(len(nums)):
		if nums[i] == target:
			return i
	return -1
```
**This does not solve the problem**, however, since our solution needs to be O(log(n)) and this approach is O(n) in time complexity and O(1) space complexity.
## Binary Search Approach
Lets us use binary search to solve the problem, the power of binary search is that it keeps on halving the problem, until we are left with one element which will either be equal to the target or not. We start with a left and right pointer on either side of the array and a middle pointer, if target equals the middle element, we return its index, now if target is greater than the middle element, we move the left pointer to the middle, otherwise, we move the right pointer to the middle. We repeat this procedure to keep halving the problem until we reach the last element for which our while loop body will run once more as this is the step just before left and right cross each other. If we make it all the way through the while loop, and we don't find the target value, we return -1 as the value is not in the array We avoid the edge case of an empty array as input by having our while condition be left <= right. 
``` python
def search(self, nums: List[int], target: int) -> int:
	l = 0
	r = len(nums) - 1
	while (l <= r):
		m = l + ((r - l) // 2)
		if target == nums[m]:
			return m
		elif target < nums[m]:
			r = m - 1
		else:
			l = m + 1
	return -1
```
Since we half the problem at each step of the way, our problem runs in O(log(n)) time while still being O(1) space complexity since we only need 3 pointers.

Note that the way I have done the problem above avoids the issue of overflow. If we were to use `(l + r) // 2` to get the midpoint, we risk overflow (this is not so in python since integers don't have a limited size, but other languages make this possible) for really large values of `l` and `r`. If we instead do it as I have above, using `l + ((r - l) // 2)` we avoid the problem of overflow by preventing the summing of potentially large numbers.

Key Takeaways:
- Be careful with sneaky edge cases like what happens when you are given an empty array as input? What if the target number is not in the array?
- This is the kind of problem where drawing out a solution and running through a few sample input really helps you not only figure out edge cases, but also makes the implementation of the code much smoother.