Key thing to note is that the timestamps will only "arrive" in non-decreasing order, thus simulating how a real world time based key-value store would function. In the scenario where such is not the case, we have to make a choice about whether to sort the values by timestamp on each get operation or each put operation, which ultimately comes down to what the use case is.

Taking the above into consideration, we can just use a dictionary to keep track of the mappings from key to list of pairs of value and timestamp. When we put a new pair into the list of pairs, we can just append it to keep it in sorted order as the timestamps come in non-decreasing order as described above. When we get a pair, we can just use a slightly modified binary search to look for the correct value (largest value that is <= the given timestamp), if such a value exists, return it, otherwise return null (empty string in python's case). 

``` python
class TimeMap:

    def __init__(self):
        self.timedict = {}

    def set(self, key: str, value: str, timestamp: int) -> None:
        if key not in self.timedict:
            self.timedict[key] = []
        self.timedict[key].append((timestamp, value))

    def get(self, key: str, timestamp: int) -> str:
        res = ""
        values = self.timedict.get(key, [])
        l = 0
        r = len(values) - 1
        while l <= r:
            m = (l + r) // 2
            if (values[m][0] <= timestamp):
                res = values[m][1]
                l = m + 1
            else:
                r = m - 1
        return res

# Your TimeMap object will be instantiated and called as such:
# obj = TimeMap()
# obj.set(key,value,timestamp)
# param_2 = obj.get(key,timestamp)
```
The time complexity is O(1) in the average case for set as we are using a dictionary and appending to the end of the list, and O(log(n)) worst case for get as we use binary search. The space complexity is O(k) where k is the number of calls to set, this is because set adds one pair to a list inside of the dict, and lists are dynamically sized, so we only take into account the number of elements inside all of the lists, which would be k.

Key takeaways:
- It is very important to consider the constraints of the problem! Do not forget about or neglect them! That single constraint that the timestamps come in non-decreasing order was what made this problem go from a tricky problem to a quite straightforward problem.